Welcome to prime base chart. Today we
are analyzing ICI Lombard general
insurance company in Indian market. This
is the monthly chart of ICI Lombad and
on the monthly chart we can see that
this is a proper evening star which
closes below 20 SMA. This is Ballinger
band right and the middle line is 20
SMA. So by this evening star uh price
closes below 20 SMA on monthly chart and
it doesn't get a support uh support
means continuation right and we see this
green candle but it so this uh evening
star fails evening star fails evening
star
the volume volume is very low on this
green candle. So even
looks like advancer bottom but uh the
volume is not good. So we should not be
aggressively entering the stock until it
makes a new high. It crosses this
resistance level. This was the
resistance level, right? So until it
crosses above 2,00
200 2,100, we should not enter in the
stock because the green volume is low in
this month and we should further analyze
this because still uh one week is
pending. So we go on the weekly chart
and on the weekly chart we see then
price is going down
close
it means exhaustion candle exhaustion
volume.
So it may be possible because of this
reducing volume. Still the weak is going
on. So we can see that it may go higher.
So further we have to go down on the
daily chart to analyze. On the daily
chart we can see
price came coming down and after price
coming down the good bottom with good
volume green volume is higher than this
and because of that price is starting
going up. Even in between price took
resistance on this uh 20 SMA on the
daily chart. It crosses and closing
above this with a good volume. So, so on
daily on daily it is a good sign that uh
it is in positive D theory. If I turn
the chart into line charts, we can see
that it is a positive down do theory on
daily. Daily is strong. Daily RSI goes
above 65
and the next resistance should be this
this level
right somewhere here. We can mark it on
here. It is uh
breakout like that. I can show you the
support line and also I can draw a
line for you. Here is the support and
the next uh
resistance maybe this
this is a resistance line and price
closes just below the resistance level.
So what can happen?
uh even uh this is a good candle with
good green volume but there is a upper
wick and price just closes below this.
So it may possible that price can turn
turn and took support from here this
level right around 1,800 to 80 or 90
right which was the support level over
here which was a support level over
here. So this may be another line for
you this. So what may happen that uh
after a positive dury price can retrace
a bit and then start going up. This is
this may possible or this may also
possible that price go to this level
because this was the next high. Price
took resistance many time from here. So
it may possible that price goes here.
Excuse me. Price goes up to here and
then take a resistance. So it may
possible that price cruises uh today and
go up to this level come here and took
support and go up or it may possible
that come here and give to support and
go up here. Whenever price retrace then
we enter means price.
This is how we can enter in the stock
and if you have any questions do let me
know. I'll more than happy to answer.
Thank you for your kind support and
subscribe the channel. Thank you.